# User Persona

<!-- some introduction -->

Four Walls is a construction company based in Belgium, positioned in the top 10
best modern and luxurious designs. The company mainly focuses on building unique
structures at affordable and competitive prices.

<!-- a persona -->

## A couple about to get married

**Bio**: Julian and Lyn are a 30 and 31 years old couple from Belgium who are
planning to marry soon and would like to but their own property where they can
live together. Currently, they are renting an small apartment in Etterbek.

**Needs/Goals**: They do not want to continue renting as they have already paid
6 years of rent and they believe it would be better if they starting paying for
their own property.

**Frustrations**: They are searching for a place where they can live without the
noise caused by trams, trains and buses. Julian works from home and needs a
quite place as sometimes he has important virtual meetings to attend.

**Scenario**: The couple went on the internet and googled “apartments to buy in
quite places in Belgium”. They found a website called Four Walls which really
called their attention and now they want to find all the information about the
2-bedrooms that they offer.

## A single mom who is divorced

**Bio**: Elena just divorced for personal reasons. She has 2 sons who are 12 and
15 years old. Currently, she lives in Uccle with her ex-husband but she needs to
leave the house as sons as possible, she might have to make a loan to buy her
own property.

**Needs/Goals**: The woman needs a company who offers payment plans. She is also
interested in modern and spacious designs as she is currently living in a small
flat with very limited space.

**Frustrations**: The ideal place for Elena to live must be closed to San
Michael Arts school where her sons study. There is one residential place in the
area which she likes a lot but she does not have any information at all.

**Scenario**: Lyn searched on social media and the newspapers but was unable to
find any apartments as she wants. She went to ask directly to the security guard
of the residential place near her house and she was given a website address to
make an appointment online to take a look at the constructions that Four Walls
offers as well as to discuss about payment options.
